README.md, before:

# TL Portfolio

Welcome to the portfolio of Tom Lamers — frontend developer and visual prototyping expert. Here you'll discover my projects, design philosophy, and contact options. The site is built with HTML, CSS, TypeScript/JavaScript and is fully responsive.

## 🔗 Live Demo
View the hosted version on [GitHub Pages](https://2TomL.github.io/TL_Final/) or run locally with:

```bash
npx live-server .
```

## ✨ Features
- Fully responsive design for desktop and mobile
- Dynamic navbar with integrated SoundCloud player
- 3D project carousel (desktop) + swipe functionality (mobile)
- Contact form with Formspree integration
- Custom fonts, icons, and background visuals
- Hamburger menu for mobile

## 🎨 Projects

🧠 **Tiffany Nauts**  
Website for clinical psychologist Tiffany Nauts. Clean design, focus on accessibility and trust. Info and contact site.  
[Live site](https://2toml.github.io/Psycho_Tiff/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/2TomL/Psycho_Tiff)

🥃 **De STrooperij**  
Event website for an artistic collective. Focus on atmosphere, typography, and responsive storytelling.  
[Live site](https://destrooperij.be/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/2TomL/De_STrooperij_FINAL)

🎤 **Kim Martini Project**  
Portfolio for artist Kim Martini. Branding and visuals inspired by her musical energy and house roots.  
[Live site](https://2toml.github.io/Kim_Martini/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/2TomL/Kim_Martini)

🎛️ **Mikey’s Magic Mixing-tool**  
Web app for DJs: upload tracks, generate a setlist, and download your mix. Built with a focus on UX and audio logic.  
[Video demo](public/assets/videos/Desktop%202025.08.26%20-%2020.32.04.03.mp4) | [GitHub](https://github.com/2TomL/Mikey-s_Magic_Mixer-tool)

⚔️ **DJ Swordz**  
Visually bold portfolio for DJ Swordz. Animations, typography, and branding tailored to his style.  
[Live site](https://2toml.github.io/DJ_Swordz/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/2TomL/DJ_Swordz)

💿 **Recordshop Showcase**  
Showcase for Doctor Vinyl. Retro visuals, vinyl vibes, and a streamlined frontend.  
[Live site](https://2toml.github.io/Recordshop_Showcase_frontend/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/2TomL/doctorvinyl-Final)
This version also exists with a Java backend and MySQL database.

🥪 **Sandwichbar**  
Minimalist website for a local sandwich bar. Focus on speed, readability, and mobile UX.  
[Live site](https://2toml.github.io/Sandwichbar/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/2TomL/Sandwichbar)

🕹️ **Game Arkanoid**  
Classic breakout game in TypeScript. Custom sprites, collision logic, and retro game feel.  
[Live site](https://2toml.github.io/Game-Arkanoid/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/2TomL/Game-Arkanoid)

🎚️ **Sample Mixer**  
Online tool to mix audio samples. UI inspired by hardware samplers.  
[Live site](https://2toml.github.io/sample_mixer/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/2TomL/sample_mixer)

🐍 **Video Game DB**  
Snake game + videogame database experiment. Built with Angular.  
[GitHub](https://github.com/2TomL/ng-video-game-db)

## 📬 Contact
Use the contact form on the site or email lamerstom.123@gmail.com.

## ⚙️ Installation & Development
1. Clone this repo
2. Install live-server: `npm install -g live-server`
3. Start locally: `npx live-server .`

## 📄 License
MIT

Commit message:

Add Exclusive Mobile App for QR-scan project

README.md, after:

# TL Portfolio

Welcome to the portfolio of Tom Lamers — frontend developer and visual prototyping expert. Here you'll discover my projects, design philosophy, and contact options. The site is built with HTML, CSS, TypeScript/JavaScript and is fully responsive.

## 🔗 Live Demo
View the hosted version on [GitHub Pages](https://2TomL.github.io/TL_Final/) or run locally with:

```bash
npx live-server .
```

## ✨ Features
- Fully responsive design for desktop and mobile
- Dynamic navbar with integrated SoundCloud player
- 3D project carousel (desktop) + swipe functionality (mobile)
- Contact form with Formspree integration
- Custom fonts, icons, and background visuals
- Hamburger menu for mobile

## 🎨 Projects

🧠 **Tiffany Nauts**  
Website for clinical psychologist Tiffany Nauts. Clean design, focus on accessibility and trust. Info and contact site.  
[Live site](https://2toml.github.io/Psycho_Tiff/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/2TomL/Psycho_Tiff)

🥃 **De STrooperij**  
Event website for an artistic collective. Focus on atmosphere, typography, and responsive storytelling.  
[Live site](https://destrooperij.be/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/2TomL/De_STrooperij_FINAL)

🎤 **Kim Martini Project**  
Portfolio for artist Kim Martini. Branding and visuals inspired by her musical energy and house roots.  
[Live site](https://2toml.github.io/Kim_Martini/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/2TomL/Kim_Martini)

🎛️ **Mikey’s Magic Mixing-tool**  
Web app for DJs: upload tracks, generate a setlist, and download your mix. Built with a focus on UX and audio logic.  
[Video demo](public/assets/videos/Desktop%202025.08.26%20-%2020.32.04.03.mp4) | [GitHub](https://github.com/2TomL/Mikey-s_Magic_Mixer-tool)

⚔️ **DJ Swordz**  
Visually bold portfolio for DJ Swordz. Animations, typography, and branding tailored to his style.  
[Live site](https://2toml.github.io/DJ_Swordz/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/2TomL/DJ_Swordz)

💿 **Recordshop Showcase**  
Showcase for Doctor Vinyl. Retro visuals, vinyl vibes, and a streamlined frontend.  
[Live site](https://2toml.github.io/Recordshop_Showcase_frontend/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/2TomL/doctorvinyl-Final)
This version also exists with a Java backend and MySQL database.

🥪 **Sandwichbar**  
Minimalist website for a local sandwich bar. Focus on speed, readability, and mobile UX.  
[Live site](https://2toml.github.io/Sandwichbar/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/2TomL/Sandwichbar)

🕹️ **Game Arkanoid**  
Classic breakout game in TypeScript. Custom sprites, collision logic, and retro game feel.  
[Live site](https://2toml.github.io/Game-Arkanoid/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/2TomL/Game-Arkanoid)

🎚️ **Sample Mixer**  
Online tool to mix audio samples. UI inspired by hardware samplers.  
[Live site](https://2toml.github.io/sample_mixer/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/2TomL/sample_mixer)

🐍 **Video Game DB**  
Snake game + videogame database experiment. Built with Angular.  
[GitHub](https://github.com/2TomL/ng-video-game-db)

📱 **Exclusive Mobile App for QR-scan**  
A mobile-first web app for QR code scanning and exclusive content access. Designed for street events and interactive experiences.  
[Live site](https://2toml.github.io/2TomL-StreetBeats_V1/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/2TomL/2TomL-StreetBeats_V1)

## 📬 Contact
Use the contact form on the site or email lamerstom.123@gmail.com.

## ⚙️ Installation & Development
1. Clone this repo
2. Install live-server: `npm install -g live-server`
3. Start locally: `npx live-server .`

## 📄 License
MIT
